Lin Niannian
Last night?
I'm on the name of the new internship in the design department
See your name.
I didn't expect it to be you.
Miss, you know him?
Of course I do.
Miss Lin pushed me before
How could I forget?
What? Lin Niannian, you ate bear heart and leopard gall?
An intern dares to retire
Dare to Retire Director
Everyone get busy
Oh, by the way, you don't have to be busy.
Your work today?
Is to clean up this office
What are you still doing?
Didn't you hear what the director said?
And he did another one.
No, I'm going to make him ashamed to stay in the company
Colleagues, today we meet for the first time
In the evening, I will throw a party at my house
Remember to go
Not one less
Director, I don't have time
What do you mean next year?
Nobody said anything. The manager was busy.
Do you still want to do it? Can you do it?
Lin Niannian met for the first time
Don't be a spoiler
Otherwise, Aunt Soul will be disappointed
Comrades listen to me
Who are you all grateful to be here tonight?
Miss
Let's toast the eldest lady together
Thank you ma'am
Xueqing has grown up
I can see that everyone respects him very much
I'm relieved.
Wait, what's so rich about the eldest lady?
Hey miss
This is the heart just sent from Master Guo
Miss, Miss
Miss, this is a mother who can't sleep well